so one of my friends Craig he tweeted
out this honestly I'm glad someone said
it because I'm guilty right the other
thing that they say if it's a tree fall
the middle of the forest but no one
hears it my question for you today if
someone does but doesn't film it do they
really have
Andriy is the work oh okay
that was easy goodness gracious it has
happened again New York another
beautiful day the majority of my life
right now is spent editing planning
watching and uploading YouTube videos
but then there's this business part of
my life that is more social I'm actually
not the most social person and that I
don't like hang out with friends with
the Hangout friends 800 more but I'm
completely introvert in that sense but
I'm so grateful to how the people I have
in New York that I do but that being
said in this city there are a lot of
things that go on and turn a networking
party we're just get together where you
meet new people you catch up with old
friends and yet you dream up big stuff
and it's just a great time after the
hallway saying oh my gosh I just like in
this thing
and I just met this awesome person and
it's so good whoa okay I really do i
turn the camera on those people maybe
it's cuz you know I just meet them and I
don't want to like scare them away with
my camera originally I went to a party
at my friend Allison's apartment for
Valentine's Day and I met again so many
incredible people and I connected with
one person we made plans to hang out and
then we um now
[Music]
okay a new friend okay this is your time
this is a spotlight what's your name I
hear it yeah and that's my first vlog
your first yes you're in your first vlog
and we're in Italy when we meet we may
have to take back it's a very wide angle
she's a super cool human who has done
like voiceovers and acting she had like
literally a famous dog when I was first
dog that have been on like a wheelchair
he obviously goes please show okey
little little right be our name we news
one of his times he was in the New York
Daily News that was an amazing shot they
loved him there that's the two of us in
the book basically this dog is more
famous than we will ever one of the
reasons why I mentioned Karen meeting
Karen is because right now I'm going to
a meeting for a networking type and by
only party that I'm actually throwing so
think about like PJ party part 2 when
I'm collaborating with awesome other
people that you're about to meet and
often we have like sponsors involved and
it's fantastic so that's where I'm
headed right now by John Yee
[Music]
it's the Chris Hall NYC what's good
what's good family be safe I okay Wow
what I have to hold up the camera so hi
what's going down on Friday yeah I
waited your major party yes you ready
we've done changes major contact coming
oh my god I'm here at the workspace that
we are holding the party at on Friday
it's partly it's a networking party but
a lot of people are here getting work
done so very the very professional
workers we're getting to height we're
getting - hi guys big party coming up
invite only yes inside only that's for
you yeah peachy family it up will be
next one
Kiki party number one I wanted you
yeah out here
big big space how would you describe
fancy materials yeah nice so hopefully
we're going to fill up this this room
with like what under 50 people you
lending to money save a nice little bar
section I love this like turquoise couch
over here
eating a pretty big pretty big rim
obsessed with the plant and then the
paperclip lights to die for
if you dab and you don't take video of
it is it a dab at all I think think you
happen yeah I mean after the guy who
we're inside life yeah yeah great good
yeah what do you think Jessica I agree
yes yes yes yeah Oh starting a movement
apparently everyone just stabs when
they're alone does yes on that does my
guys rush-hour traffic
I'm gonna die just kidding I got this
pimp I got the apartment
featuring hanging clothes and my new
backgrounds changing up the room
everything is organized I have my two
computer monitors coming in sometime
this week I am very very excited a
organize Sarah is a happy Sarah let's
regroup a little bit about last week I
really really messed up a little bit um
regarding peachy lies it was a bumpy
start but going into it I know dealing
with YouTube live streams is going to be
a little bit of a learning curve and
especially figuring out the best way to
notify you guys and it's a journey it's
definitely a journey but we got going
Timmy did a great stream on design Brian
did a great stream on photography if you
don't know what peachy light is
basically live streams on my channel on
the CDG channel when I'm not posting
like normal videos blog your tech
reviews they are 30-minute live streams
all around creativity and so I try to
start my live streams because usually I
want to do mine on Sundays all around
video editing I'm kind of going to do a
first series of live streams around how
to shoot and edit a vlog and so of
course it's not just how to blog but it
it's applicable to a lot of different
video things so I think a lot of you
will be able to tune in a learn front
but I dog did messed it up and last
night
I was setting things up like an hour and
a half before the stream and my box
thing that I connect my camera into just
kept failing and and it was the Oscars
and I didn't have time to prepare was
just the math isn't that so I apologize
for that but I'm really feeling good
about this next week I think you've
worked out a lot of goodies this past
week you know there's a lot of trial and
error and I think you guys actually
really enjoyed the strands that did work
in so going forward this week I want to
make sure I am clear with what I'm doing
there's going to be some things around
my channel around my socials that I will
start pushing more and have a clear
message you know what's going on right
now you have to know there's going to be
something on my channel every single day
8 p.m. Eastern Standard Time so whether
that's a video or a peachy live it's
gonna be here every single week on
Mondays I'm going to basically create
the peachy live event and Thailand in
the description of the video so you know
you know what will be coming up so
there's going to be three teaching live
events for PGI's events you'll know what
their they are who's hosting them this
week I'm changing it up a bit and so you
can see those details on the description
below um so yeah remove it
we're shaken sorry for the buffs but I
think this is something that you guys
are going to enjoy because this is just
like free like creative education and
inspiration like how cool is that and I
understand every single one of you is
maybe as interested as Matt as a vlog or
a tech review or a travel film or
something and that's that's okay I think
there's a good variety of things here
for everyone I'm just stoked to have you
guys along for the ride and remember if
you miss them live at 8 p.m. I am going
to be posting them after those hats make
sure to turn on those notifications and
hit that subscribe button until next
time guys stay peachy okay bye
you
[Music]